= Irontalk -- A pragmatic Smalltalk implementation on top of the Common Language Runtime.

Irontalk is an attempt to create a complete implementation of the Smalltalk programming language for the Common Language Runtime (AKA the .NET Framework).

== Usage

Currently Irontalk is in a testing stage. A simple command-line tool is included to evaluate Smalltalk expressions using the Irontalk engine. Though Irontalk
is intended to become a full Smalltalk interpreter, compiler, and runtime, only the interpreter and runtime facilities are currently in place.

== Developers

Irontalk is being developed using Monodevelop 2.4, Mono 2.6, and NUnit, but the development infrastructure should work equally as well using Visual Studio 
and Microsoft .NET. We invite all interested developers to check out the repository and load it up in the IDE of their choice. The build infrastructure is 
MSBuild/XBuild and I have no intention of changing that, so please don't ask to change to Makefiles or CMake or NAnt or any such nonsense, as the proper 
open source tools are (and have been) available to compile the code without requiring Visual Studio.

== Copyright and License

Copyright © 2010 William Lahti.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you 
permission to link this library with independent modules to produce 
an executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent 
modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting executable under
terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for each linked 
independent module, the terms and conditions of the license of 
that module. An independent module is a module which is not 
derived from or based on this library. If you modify this library, you 
may extend this exception to your version of the library, but you are
not obligated to do so. If you do not wish to do so, delete this 
exception statement from your version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
